website: TF-153: Split core Terraform docs into "Language" and "CLI" (#26723)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/cli/config/index.html.md

---
layout: "docs"
page_title: "CLI Configuration - Terraform CLI"
---

# CLI Configuration

Terraform CLI can be configured with some global settings, which are separate
from any Terraform configuration and which apply across all working directories.

> We've tried to design Terraform such that an average user running Terraform CLI
> interactively will not need to interact with any of these settings; as such,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've designed Terraform such that an average user running Terraform CLI
interactively will not need to interact with any of these settings. As a result,
```
